Historical Notes

J. Edgar Hoover (seer?, seer_knower?)
  Longtime diretor of the FBI, aided many of the legislative investigations of communist activities. Quick to equate any kind of protest with communist subversion. Hoover had been a key player in an earlier, though less pervasive, Red Scare in the years following World War I (1914-18). With the dawning of the new anticommunist crusade in the late 1940s, Hoover’s agency compiled extensive files on suspected subversives through the use of wiretaps, surveillance and the infiltration of leftist groups.

Harry S. Truman (seer?, seer_knower?)
  Issued Executive Order 9835, also known as the Loyalty Order, which mandated that all federal employees be analyzed to determine whether they were sufficiently loyal to the government. Truman’s loyalty program was a startling development for a country that prized the concepts of personal liberty and freedom of political organization. 

Joseph R. McCarthy (seer_knower?)
  Became the person most closely associated with the anticommunist crusade–and with its excesses. McCarthy used hearsay and intimidation to establish himself as a powerful and feared figure in American politics. He leveled charges of disloyalty at celebrities, intellectuals and anyone who disagreed with his political views, costing many of his victims their reputations and jobs. McCarthy’s reign of terror continued until his colleagues formally denounced his tactics in 1954.

FBI (good_normal)
  Generally trying to fight communist spies, but spies were in the FBI too



Joseph Stalin (evil_master)
  After World War II, Stalin set up puppet governments in the Eastern European countries that the Soviet Union had "freed" from Germany. These governments were ran by the Soviet Union. This started the Cold War between the two world superpowers, the Soviet Union and the United States. 

Fidel Castro (rogue_evil)
  Castro had become a follower of Marxism and he used this philosophy in creating a new government for Cuba. The government took over much of the industry. They also took control of many businesses and farms owned by Americans. Freedom of speech and of the press was also severely limited. Opposition to his rule was generally met with imprisonment and even execution. Many people fled the country. 

Mao Zedong (assassin?, false_seer?)
  In 1949 Mao Zedong founded the People's Republic of China. Mao was the Chairman of the Communist Party and the absolute leader of China. He was a brutal leader, insuring his power by executing anyone who disagreed with him. He also set up labor camps where millions of people were sent and many died.

Kim Il Sung (assassin?, false_seer?)
  Stalin extensively armed Kim Il Sung's North Korean army and air forces with military equipment and "advisors" far in excess of those required for defensive purposes in order to facilitate Kim's (a former Soviet Officer) aim of conquering the rest of the Korean peninsula.

Julius Rosenberg (false_seer?)
  American citizen who spied for the Soviet Union and was executed for conspiracy to commit espionage, and passing information about the atomic bomb to the Soviets. 

Soviet spy (evil_normal)
  Normal bad spies
